Installation
    1. Unzip mcservergui.jar, nativelibs (and if running Windows,
        guilauncher.bat) into your Minecraft Server directory.
    2. Window users may launch the GUI using guilauncher.bat.  Other users must 
        run from a command line with
        "java -Djava.library.path=./nativelibs -jar mcservergui.jar".
        (Please note, if you do not launch with the VM option of
        -Djava.library.path=./nativelibs then the cpu/memory/network features
        will probably not function)
    3. Go to the Server Config tab and make sure the settings are how you would 
        like them.  Take special note of the Use Proxy option.  Selecting this
        allows the player list to work.  However, if it is selected, you must
        have your players connect to the External Port instead of the Server
        Port.

Backups
    Just select the files and folders you want to backup and if you want to zip
        it all and then press backup!
    This can be done while the server is running as well!

Scheduler
    The scheduler uses Cron based scheduling.  It doesn't offer all of the
        features of Cron simply because I believe that to be too many options.
    The main thing to understand is that the seconds, minutes, hours boxes all 
        refer to a specific time.  What comes up by default (0, 0, 0) indicates
        12:00:00AM.
    Also, the default settings include every month and every day of each month, 
        thus, the default settings will create an event that occurs at
        12:00:00AM every day.
    A simple example of a repeating event would be to leave everything at
        default and check the "again every" box next to hours and enter 3 in the
        box next to that.  This will create an event that occurs at 12am, 3am,
        6am, 9am, 12pm, 3pm, 6pm, 9pm every day.
    It is possible to create very advanced event timings using this scheduler.  
        For instance, you can make events happen only on thursdays, at 3:30:05,
        3:30:10, 3:30:15AM.

In-game Commands
    These commands are enabled for users in ops.txt only.
    The default prefix for the in game command is !.  Example: !command
    You can change the prefix in the GUI Config tab.
    Currently supported commands:
        task taskname - Executes the specified for taskname.
        repeat - repeats the last command.