This is the format for the JSON for the Web Interface:
    { "Password" : "password", "Request" : "request name", "Data" : [ "" ] }

The order of the JSON is important but it is not case sensitive.

Password contains the password set in the gui on the Web Interface tab.
Request is what you're wanting to achieve.
Data is required for some requests and optional for others as detailed below.
    Data can additionally have multiple values in some cases.  This should be
            entered as:
        "Data" : [ "Value 1", "Value 2" ]

Requests:
    "Start Server" - starts the Minecraft server.
    "Stop Server" - stops the Minecraft server.
    "Get Output" - retrieves console output from the GUI.
        Optional Data:
            "" or no data present - return output with html markup.
            "Line Break Only" - returns output only with <br> markup.
            "Plain Text" - returns output with no html markup and lines ending
                    in CRLF.
                Additional Optional Data:
                    "CRLF" - returns plain text output with CRLF line endings.
                    "LFCR" - returns plain text output with LFCR line endings.
                    "LF" - returns plain text output with LF line endings.
                    "CR" - returns plain text output with CR line endings.
    "Send Input" - sends a command to the Minecraft server.
        Required Data:
            Command that you wish to send, example: "save-all".
    "Execute Task" - executes a task by name.
        Required Data:
            Task name that you wish to execute.
    "Get Task Names" - returns a list of task names.
    "Get Task Details" - returns the details of a task specified by name.


The response comes back in a similar format.
    { "Success" : "Success Message" }
    { "Success" : "Success Message" , "Data" : "some data" }
    { "Partial Success" : "Partial Success Message" , "Data" : "some data" }
    { "Error" : "Error Message" }

The Data Type is dependent on the request submitted
The following requests return data:
    "Get Output" - "Data" contains output from console.
    "Get Task Names" - "Data" contains array of names [ "name1", "name2", ...]
    "Get Task Details" - "Data" contains a task exactly as it appears in
            guicofig.json